Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an
overview of the 2015 Australian
post-apocalyptic action film
called 'Mad Max: Fury Road'.
The film is co-written, co-produced,
and directed by George Miller.
Mad Max Fury Road is set in a post-apocalyptic
desert wasteland where petrol and
water are precious commodities.
It follows Max Rockatansky, who teams up
with Imperator Furiosa to run from cult
leader Immortan Joe and his troops in an armoured
tanker truck, resulting in a protracted road war.
Warning: there will be spoilers
ahead, so please proceed with caution.
Following a societal collapse caused by conflic
following a lack of resources, a survivor called
Max Rockatansky is caught and transported
to Immortan Joe's Citadel by the War Boys,
an army headed by Joe. Max is imprisoned and used
as a 'blood bag' for Nux, a psychotic War Boy.
Meanwhile, one of Joe's lieutenants, Imperator
Furiosa, is dispatched in her armoured 'War
Rig' to collect gasoline and munitions. When Joe
realises that his five wives are leaving with her,
he leads his army after Furiosa, enlisting the
help of neighbouring Gas Town and the Bullet Farm.
With Max attached to his automobile, Nux joins
the chase, and a confrontation between the War
Rig and Joe's soldiers follows. Furiosa drives
through a sandstorm, escaping her pursuers,
with the exception of Nux, who seeks to sacrifice
himself in order to destroy the Rig. Max manages
to flee and hold Nux, but the automobile is
damaged. Max discovers Furiosa rebuilding the Rig
after the storm, surrounded by the wives: Capable,
Cheedo, Toast, the Dag, and the Splendid Angharad,
the latter of whom is pregnant with Joe's kid.
Max takes the Rig but grudgingly agrees to bring
Furiosa and the women with him. Nux boards the
Rig as it departs and attempts to murder Furiosa,
but is defeated and thrown overboard,
where he is picked up by Joe's troops.
Furiosa travels across a gorge held by a
biker gang, having negotiated a bargain
for safe passage. When the gang discovers
Joe's army approaching, they turn on her,
forcing her and the group to leave, while the
bikers destroy the canyon walls to stop Joe.
As Joe's vehicle breaks past the roadblock, Max
and Furiosa fend off the pursuing motorcyclists.
Joe catches up with the War Rig, allowing Nux to
board with the intention of assaulting Furiosa
again; however, he fails, to to Joe's dismay. As
the Rig flees, Angharad slips off while attempting
to assist Max and is tragically struck by Joe's
automobile. Furiosa informs Max that they are
leaving for the 'Green Place,' a beautiful
location she recalls from her childhood.
Capable discovers Nux hiding in the Rig
and soothes him as he bemoans his failure.
Furiosa and Max use mines to delay Joe's soldiers,
but Joe's buddy, the Bullet Farmer, pursues them.
Max departs to confront Furiosa
and his soldiers after Furiosa
shoots the Bullet Farmer, returning with
firearms and ammo. During the battle,
Nux emerges from concealment to assist in the
rescue of the imprisoned Rig and joins the crew.
After driving the War Rig through
swampland and desert for the night,
the team stumbles upon a fascinating woman.
Furiosa approaches her and tells her about
her family history and clan allegiance.
The lady gathers her clan, the Vuvalini,
who identify Furiosa as a child who was
abducted. Furiosa is saddened to discover
that the swampland they went through was, in
fact, the Green Place, which is now inhospitable.
The gang then intends to bike over vast
salt plains in search of a new home.
Max persuades them to return to the undefended
Citadel, which has plenty of water and vegetation,
and to trap Joe and his army in the bikers' canyon
after having visions of a kid he failed to save.
The gang returns to the Citadel and engages
Joe's soldiers, killing several Vuvalini and
many of Joe's forces and badly injuring Furiosa.
Joe parks his automobile in front of the War Rig
in order to slow it down, as Max battles
Joe's gigantic adult son, Rictus Erectus.
Joe kidnaps Toast, who distracts him
long enough for Furiosa to murder him.
Nux makes the ultimate sacrifice by damaging
the Rig, killing Rictus, and closing the canyon,
allowing the gang to flee in Joe's vehicle.
Max saves Furiosa's life by donating his blood.
When the news of Joe's death arrives
at the Citadel, the people cheer.
The audience applauds Furiosa, the wives, and the
Vuvalini, and the surviving War Boys greet them.
Before he goes, Max and Furiosa exchange a glance.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.